429 data processing setting admin console (#434)
cisagov/ScubaGoggles: baselines/commoncontrols.md

  - [T1537: Transfer Data to Cloud Account](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1537/)

#### GWS.COMMONCONTROLS.15.2v0.3
Process Data in the region selected for data at rest SHALL be selected.

> - _Rationale_: Without this policy, it allows for the data to be processed in another region other than the United States. This creates a security risk due to the potential sensitivity of the data being processed. By checking this setting, it mitigates the risk by keeping the data processing to the United States region.

Reviewer: Again, the wording is a little awkward. How about:
```suggestion
- _Rationale_: Without this policy, data could be processed in a region other than the United States, potentially exposing it unauthorized entities. Implementing this policy allows greater control over the data.
```
